Added glow level usage in Differences between GLES2 and GLES3 (#4191)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/misc/gles2_gles3_differences.rst

See :ref:`doc_environment_and_post_processing` for more information.

Glow
----

> Many GLES2 devices only have a maximum of 8 texture units. On such devices, only the first 6 levels of glow can be used and 
> level 7 will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many GLES2 devices only have a maximum of eight texture units. On such devices, you
can only use the first six levels of glow; the seventh one won't do anything.
```
